docs: Misc updates for HR (#14181)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/migrating-from-previous-releases.md

### Uno Platform 5.0

> Uno Platform 5.0 contains binary-breaking changes in order to further align our API surface with the Windows App SDK. Most of these changes are binary-breaking changes, but are not introducing behavior changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Uno Platform 5.0 contains binary-breaking changes in order to further align our API surface with the Windows App SDK. Most of these changes are binary-breaking changes but do not introduce behavior changes.
```
